Add resource quota infomation (#5076)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/03-05-resource-quotas.md

---
title: Resource quotas
type: Details
---

[Resource quotas](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/) are a convenient way to manage the consumption of resources in a Kyma cluster. You can easily set resource quotas for every Namespace you create through the Console UI.

When you click **Create Namespace**, you can define:

>   - Total Memory Quotas, which limit the overall memory consumption by the Namespace by creating a ResourceQuota object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Total Memory Quotas, which limit the overall Namespace memory consumption by creating ResourceQuota objects.
```

Reviewer: Resource quotas or ResourceQuotas? Whichever you choose, be consistent.

Author: Resource quotas are set through a ResourceQuota Kubernetes object.

Author: Oh, and there's a single ResourceQuota object which limits how much resources the Namespace can consume.

>   - Limits per Container, which limit the memory consumption for individual Containers in the Namespace by creating a [LimitRange](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Limits per container, which limit the memory consumption for individual containers in the Namespace by creating [LimitRange](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) objects.
```

Reviewer: As far as I remember, we do not capitalize containers.

Author: It's weird to capitalize Pods but not containers, but okay ;p

> To manage existing resource quotas in a Namespace, select that Namespace in the **Namespaces** view of the Console and go to the **Resources** tab. This view allows you to edit or delete the existing limits.

Reviewer: resource quotas / ResourceQuotas ?

Author: Resource quotas are set through a ResourceQuota Kubernetes object.

> >**TIP:** If you want to manage ResourceQuotas and LimitRanges directly from the terminal, follow [this](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/manage-resources/quota-memory-cpu-namespace/) comprehensive Kubernetes guide.  

Reviewer: resource quotas / ResourceQuotas ?

> git config --global user.email "tomasz.papiernik@sap.com" ; git config --global user.name "tomekpapiernik"

Reviewer 2: 🎉

> git config --global user.email "tomasz.papiernik@sap.com" ; git config --global user.name "tomekpapiernik"

Reviewer: What is that?
